PUML Site Publishing Corrections (#49)
DevOps-MBSE/aac-puml: docs/source/index.rst

Installation
------------

> AaC requires Python 3.9.13 installed prior to use.  And AaC Plant-UML requires AaC to be installed prior to use. Install the AaC core tool using pip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AaC requires Python 3.9.13 installed prior to use.  And AaC Plant-UML requires AaC to be installed prior to use. The AaC core can be installed using pip
```

Author: This is the same phrasing as in Spec and Gherkin, so not sure why we would change it here?
